We need your help
URGENT. Evil Larry’s reappearance

Attention,

As you may know, Evil Larry has been terrorizing the company for some time now, and it has come to our attention that it has been increasingly worrisome for everyone. In order to mitigate his 
reappearance, we are requesting you to download and run the attached executable. It's hard to howl while getting strangled.

God Speed,
The Wolf that Howls

Out of date software
URGENT. Update Your <software> client
Good afternoon,
It has been brought to the IT Department’s attention that a new critical vulnerability (CVE-2020-04782) is present in the <software> client that our company uses to connect to our corporate network.
For your safety and the security of our business, please download the Security Update attached and run the executable immediately. It will only take a few seconds to 
From the fishing man,
the AI with braids

Regarding Performance
(mark as important)

Dear <Employee>

OuiCroissant is pleased to recognize your hard work and dedication over these past few months. Your contributions have not only positively impacted your team, but also have made significant contributions to the company. We are consistently impressed by your commitment to our company.

As a token of our appreciation, we’d like to offer you a performance bonus. This is part of our commitment to recognizing high-performing employees like you, and we wish to support your career growth within the company.

Please follow the instructions to see how to proceed with your performance bonus.

Download the attached word document 
Before opening the document, right click on the file and go into properties
In properties, check unblock at the bottom and then apply (image seen below)
Then open the file in Microsoft Word
If prompted click “Enable Editing” in Word
If told that micros are disabled, click “Enable Content”
Read and confirm bonus

Once we receive your self-assessment, we will schedule a one-on-one meeting with your manager to discuss your contributions, career goals, and explore adjustments to your compensation.


Love Always,
Evil Larry
